Add docs about building and running the trace agent (#13175)
DataDog/datadog-agent: docs/dev/agent_build.md

This is the complete list of the available components:

> * `apm`: make the APM agent execution available (see [here](../trace-agent/README.md) to build the actual trace agent)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `apm`: make the APM agent execution available. For information on building the trace agent, see the trace agent README](../trace-agent/README.md).
```

Please note you might need to provide some extra dependencies in your dev
environment to build certain bits (see [development environment][dev-env]).

> Also note that the trace agent needs to be built and run separately: see [here](./trace-agent/READE.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Also note that the trace agent needs to be built and run separately: see [here](../trace-agent/README.md).
```

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure but don't you need `..` before to refer to `docs/trace-agent` folder as you are in the `docs/dev` folder ?

Author: Thanks, fixed 😳

> Also note that the trace agent needs to be built and run separately: see [here](../trace-agent/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also note that the trace agent needs to be built and run separately. For more information, see [the trace agent README](../trace-agent/README.md).
```
